Docs for Azure Service Bus transport 6.3.0 (#8191)
Particular/docs.particular.net: transports/azure-service-bus/configuration_entity-settings_asbs_[6,).partial.md

* `HierarchyNamespaceOptions`: Beginning version 6.1, [hierarchical entities](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/rest/api/servicebus/addressing-and-protocol) can be [configured using a hierarchical namespace](#entity-creation-hierarchy-namespace). Setting this with the required `HierarchyNamespace` property will prefix all entity paths in the format `{HierarchyNamespace}/{original-entity-path}`. Defaults to `HierarchyNamespaceOptions.None`, which disables prefixing with a hierarchy namespace.
* `MaxDeliveryCount`: The maximum delivery count applied to queues created during endpoint infrastructure setup. Defaults to `int.MaxValue`, which effectively disables Azure Service Bus's built-in delivery count limits and defers all retry decisions to NServiceBus recoverability. The Azure Service Bus Emulator requires a value of `10`. When choosing a value, ensure it is high enough to allow the configured recoverability policy to eventually move the message to the error queue, but not so high that it creates effectively infinite retries.

> * `ThrowOnMissingTopicWhenPublishing`: When enabled, the transport throws an `InvalidOperationException` when publishing to a non-existent topic. The transport always logs a warning when publishing to a non-existent topic. Defaults to `false` for backward compatibility.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `ThrowOnMissingTopicWhenPublishing`: When enabled, the transport re-throws the underlying `ServiceBusException` when publishing to a non-existent topic. The transport always logs a warning when publishing to a non-existent topic. Defaults to `false` for backward compatibility.
```
